Txt + meta (#38)
rond-authz/rond-authz.github.io: pages/index.md

---
layout: home
title: "Rönd: Security Enforcement over your APIs"

> meta_description: Rönd is a lightweight K8s sidecar that defines security policies on your APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_description: Rönd is a lightweight K8s sidecar that allows you to distribute security policy enforcement over your APIs and data.
```
